for this week's pro tips I learned the
art of winning to face off with car
durrani and corban knight i'm here with
carter and corbin and they're going to
teach me how to win a face-off so guys
show me the first thing I need to know
about winning a faceoff with a no
experience whatsoever the first thing
you want to do you want to make sure
your bear down really get a good grip on
your stick okay and your goal is pretty
much you don't know I want to lose it
clean so what did that what does that
mean you don't want him to have the puck
win rate to their d man because then you
have no chance to get in the puck so you
at worse you want the in here so
your wingers can come in and help you ok
so where would be the best place that
you try to tap it out to for me I end
quarterly are both right-handed so we
want to win our back end is what we're
probably most comfortable doing ok and
everyone went back down to our demon or
put in a spot where our winners can win
a battle and trying to talk to the demon
so we can't position ok so when you
guys get below you put your social I
mean I'm not even fulfill your pork
shoulders into and pretty much like told
the guy how would it what is that why do
you do that I know I think there's a lot
of different techniques of doing it
depends on who you're going against and
what they like to do and stuff but I
don't know I like to I come in a loss in
I try take away their stick I didn't
Corbett legs come in just trying to in a
clean and pure power from him i think
it's like he likes to do is say how I we
both have different ways of winning
faceoffs and I guess there's just a each
settlement has it their own way ok so
how to me try this out okay so okay 6i
nicely ok your snake over here Padre can
you want to try and go that way yeah you
don't want to go
yeah tre with their hands is like this
okay you know there's someone else you
could kicked out for that so that's why
i haven't hasn't had someone come switch
me already yeah oh shoot that's a win
for all the money oh okay oh just like
that I guess would be the ideal thing
baby you guys so much think electricity
me its restoration thank you thank you
thanks guys and good luck this weekend
coming up after the break we'll meet
Carolyn Chunin